#Microsoft Azure Cloud
*Microsoft Azure Cloud provides storage, infrastructure, and platform services in the cloud.  It is a flexible, scalable, and it is a customizable cloud platform.  Azure cloud has multiple data centers to store and maintain data.  Microsoft Azure reduces costs in many ways.  The first way Microsoft Azure reduces costs is by allowing the subscriber to only to pay for only the amount of services that the subscriber currently needs.  Microsoft Azure also reduces operational costs, by using the data centers, Microsoft Azure users are able to avoid traditional options and costs of storing data.  Traditionally the client would be limited to their own on-site server and would pay for gas or electric utilities to operate their own servers.  Microsoft offers a variety of Azure products: Azure SQL Database, Azure Cosmo DB, Azure Kubernetes Service (AVS), and Azure Functions.  Microsoft Azure offers many services for its clients, these services include administrative support, security, technical capabilities, and business and health processes.  Examples of administrative support services include billing and accounting, performance reporting, service level agreements, and configuration management and resource monitoring.  Security services that Microsoft Azure offers include infrastructure security, data retention and backup, identity management, security policies, and access and use of physical hardware and data centers’ security.  Azure SQL Database services include SQL database cloud management, uses Azure Arc.  Azure Arc is a Microsoft product that extends Azure’s IT management to govern Azure resources. Azure Arc controls Kubernetes clusters on edge and multi-cloud servers on premises. The Azure cloud platform allows resources to be secured and organized anywhere. In Microsoft Azure, any infrastructure can have data services and applications deployed by Developers. (Microsoft Azure.)
*Examples of Microsoft Azure use:
**Microsoft Azure has been used as a cloud computing platform for High Performance Computing Applications.  The paper “Evaluating High Performance Computing on the Windows Azure Platform” written by Eduard Roloff, Philippe Navaux, Francis Birck, Alexandre Carissimi, and Matthias Diener; explored the possibility of using Microsoft Azure to run High Performance Computing Applications (HPC).  High Performance Computing Applications (HPC) is defined as using supercomputers to solve computational questions that would take too much time and are too large for a common computer.  High Performance Computing Applications (HPC) often use parallel computing to generate enough computing power to solve large scale computational problems. (What is HPC?).  Currently the majority of research High Performance Computing Applications (HPC) problems use the cloud computing platform provided by Amazon EC2.  High Performance Computing Applications (HPC) is often not used for Microsoft Azure, because HPC source code must be converted to the Microsoft programming model since it is written in Unix’s programming model.  The study creates an efficiency metric based on the platform’s cost and cloud platform’s efficiency.  The study found that Google Azure is a possible surrogate for Amazon’s EC2 cloud computing platform. (Evaluating High Performance Computing on the Windows Azure Platform.)


#Google Cloud
*Google cloud has a reliable infrastructure and is flexible and offers its users a way to get data and insights faster, manage data securely, and build scalable applications.  Google Cloud offers many infrastructure modernization services, which include security, smart analytics, data management, artificial intelligence, and application modernization.  Google cloud has been widely used over many different industries: government, retail, gaming, manufacturing, financial service, education, manufacturing, media and entertainment, energy, healthcare and life sciences, and small businesses.  The Google cloud offers many products for machine learning and artificial intelligence, artificial intelligence accelerators and platform, API management, computation, containers, data analytics, databases, developer tools, healthcare and life sciences, hybrid and multi-cloud, internet of things, management tools, media and gaming, migration, networking, security and identity, serverless computing, and storage.  Machine learning and artificial intelligence products: AI platform and accelerators and AI building blocks.  Google Cloud AI platform and accelerators include: video artificial intelligence, text to speech, vision artificial intelligence, artificial intelligence building blocks, cloud translation, cloud inference API, dialogflow, speech to text, auto machine learning, cloud natural language, and autoML tables.  Google Cloud AI Platform and Accelerators as include AI platform deep learning containers, AI platform, Cloud TPU, Tensor Flow enterprise, AI hub, AI platform deep learning VM Image, and AI platform notebooks.  Google Cloud has been used by many companies: HSBC, DSW, Home Depot, Target, and PayPal. (Google Cloud.)
*Examples of Google Cloud use:
**The study “Google Cloud Messaging (GCM): An Evaluation” written by Bahadir Ismail Aydin, Yavuz Selim Yilmaz, and Murat Demirbas.  The paper determined the performance of using Google Cloud messaging for crowd sourcing systems and multicasting uses. (“Google Cloud Messaging (GCM): An Evaluation”.)



